Extending sample applications - mainly parameters and switches (#184)
OpenVisualCloud/Media-Communications-Mesh: sdk/README.md

Source code: samples/sender_app.c
```bash
Usage: sender_app [OPTION]
-H, --help                              Print this help and exit
-r, --rcv_ip=<ip_address>               Receiver's IP address (default: 127.0.0.1)
-i, --rcv_port=<port_number>            Receiver's port number (default: 9001)
-s, --send_ip=<ip_address>              Sender's IP address (default: 127.0.0.1)
-p, --send_port=<port_number>           Sender's port number (default: 9001)
-o, --protocol=<protocol_type>          Set protocol type (default: auto)
-t, --type=<payload_type>               Payload type (default: st20)
-k, --socketpath=<socket_path>          Set memif socket path (default: /run/mcm/mcm_rx_memif.sock)
-m, --master=<is_master>                Set memif conn is master (default: 1 for sender, 0 for recver)
-d, --interfaceid=<interface_id>        Set memif conn interface id (default: 0)
-b, --file=<input_file>                 Input file name (optional)

> -l, --loop=<is_loop>                    Set infinity loop sending (default: 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-l, --loop=<is_loop>                    Set infinite loop sending (default: 0)
```

--------------------------------------   VIDEO (ST2x)   --------------------------------------
-w, --width=<frame_width>               Width of test video frame (default: 1920)
-h, --height=<frame_height>             Height of test video frame (default: 1080)
-f, --fps=<video_fps>                   Test video FPS (frame per second) (default: 30.00)
-x, --pix_fmt=<pixel_format>            Pixel format (default: yuv422p10le)

> -n, --number=<number_of_frames>         Total frame number to send (default = inf: 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-n, --number=<number_of_frames>         Total frame number to send (default: 0, i.e. infinite)
```

Author: It is to emphasize that default value is 0, which means infinite.

Reviewer: Not sure if the user understands what `inf` is. I suggest changing to `default: 0, i.e. infinite`

Author: Don't get me wrong, "id est" fits here the best, but I'd rather stick to `default = infinite: 0`. I simply know "i.e." is too often wrongly understood to be equivalent of "e.g.".

Reviewer: Agree

-o, --protocol=<protocol_type>          Set protocol type (default: auto)
-t, --type=<payload_type>               Payload type (default: st20)
-k, --socketpath=<socket_path>          Set memif socket path (default: /run/mcm/mcm_rx_memif.sock)
-m, --master=<is_master>                Set memif conn is master (default: 1 for sender, 0 for recver)
-d, --interfaceid=<interface_id>        Set memif conn interface id (default: 0)
-b, --dumpfile=<file_name>              Save stream to local file (example: data-sdk.264)
--------------------------------------   VIDEO (ST2x)   --------------------------------------
-w, --width=<frame_width>               Width of test video frame (default: 1920)
-h, --height=<frame_height>             Height of test video frame (default: 1080)
-f, --fps=<video_fps>                   Test video FPS (frame per second) (default: 30.00)
-x, --pix_fmt=<pixel_format>            Pixel format (default: yuv422p10le)
--------------------------------------   AUDIO (ST3x)   --------------------------------------
-a, --audio_type=<audio_type>           Define audio type [frame|rtp] (default: frame)

> -j, --audio_format=<audio_format>       Define audio format [pcm8|pcm16|pcm24|am824] (default: pcm16)

Reviewer: I guess, pcm24 is supposed to be default

Author: Good catch!
```c
#define DEFAULT_AUDIO_FORMAT "pcm16"
```

Author: Quickly double-checked on the README. As the whole section was copied directly from runs of `./sender_app -h` and `./recver_app -h` where those values are printed from the defaults' definitions, all of them are fine.

-g, --audio_sampling=<audio_sampling>   Define audio sampling [48k|96k|44k] (default: 48k)
-e, --audio_ptime=<audio_ptime>         Define audio ptime [1ms|125us|250us|333us|4ms|80us|1.09ms|0.14ms|0.09ms] (default: 1ms)

> -c, --audio_channels=<channels>         Define number of audio channels [1|2] (default: 1)

Author: Here, it seems the default is set to 1.
```c
#define DEFAULT_AUDIO_CHANNELS 1
```

I have to re-check all of those.
